---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3:Preparing for WODs
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-09-22
published: true
labels:
  - Computer Science
---


The goal of the last WOD I completed, 5.1, is to use variables to eliminate hard-coding the information for displaying used phone products. The purpose of this WOD is also to separate the porduct data from the rest of the code. This is to make  it more managable and easier to change. 

The instructions for WOD 5.1 can be accessed with the following link:
* [SmartPhoneProducts1 With Variables](https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/050.variables_data_types/experience-SmartPhoneProducts1_variables.html)

This WOD seemed quite a bit easier that its predecessors. I feel lie the directions were well written and easy to execute. Maybe it is because the first WOD's were so painful and difficult to understand what was being asked. Maybe it was the lack of "hits" and "spins" that made this WOD more, dare I say, enjoyable? Whatever the reason, this WOD was so much easier. 

To prepare for this WOD and its predecessors I made sure to read ALL the materiel and take hand written notes. Doing this has helped me fully understand what we are doing in class. I intend to keep doing the same throughout the class, I reallydo want to learn this stuff. 

One thing I would do differently is to put all my JavaScript into a seperate js file. After reviewing Lab 6 with Professor Sal, I see the benefit of doing so. Both the JavaScript and the HTML is easier to read and easier to edit when they are seperate. So, if I did this WOD agian, I would put all  the code and variables into one file and leave only HTML in that file. 
