---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4:Programming
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-11-22
published: true
labels:
  - Computer Science
---


My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:

1.  I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
Being able to organically think of the code rather than have to look up how to do a specific fucntion. I want to be able to know when to use params when writing javascript without being told that's what needs to happen. I feel like when I'm pointed into the right direction I understand but I want to be able to get there without direction. My understanding is getting better as I struggled through Assignment 1 and now looking at what Assignment 2 has in store for me I still need direction. 

2.  I have learned a lot from doing POKEs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
Eeek, that's not true. My head still spins when faced with input validation ( I think that stems from the spinning pictures from our first Labs). Again, I find myself needing direction to what is needed but after that I can code what needs to be there for a function to work.

3. The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
Professor Sal's presentation of the Labs have 100% helped me learn. His descriptions of why certain code needs to be there has helped my learning process. 

4. I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
I did learn alot from Assignment 1. Mostly how I need to keep what global and local variables I have called and how they are spelled. I am learning that comments are sooo important. I think I may have too many comments, its hard to find my code now that I'm working on Assignment2. 

5. I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
I'd like to have more time to go over the materials for Assignment 2 and forget about Assignment 3. At this point in the semester I feel like Assignment 3 is going to give me so much anxiety, I may need to just stare at a wall for a week. Thank you, Sal, for your improved instructions on the Labs, WODs, POKEs and Assignments! I feel like I learned alot from the restructuring of the original course material. I am so glad I moved into a different section. 

6. What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
What helps me most are Sal's videos. I have watched some of them multiple times in order to solidify my grasp of the subject matter. 

